README.md, before:

# DubPlus
Dub+ - A Dubtrack.fm and QueUp.net script/extension for added features and customizations

## How to build the extension
- First make sure you have installed [Node](https://nodejs.org/) version 20 or higher
  - if you're using [`nvm`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm), you can just run `nvm use` inside the root of the repo
- Run `npm install` to install dependencies
- Run `npm run ext` to build and zip the extension. 

The extension will load into any browser that supports Chrome's extenions API and manifest v3 (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Opera, Vivaldi, etc.). Please note that we've only tested the extension on Chrome and Firefox and we only make it available on their respective extension stores. See https://dub.plus for more details

## Contributing

- Fork us    
- Create separate branch(es) to develop in
- Create a Pull Request targeting DubPlus's `develop` branch
- We will verify and test the changes before we merge it into our main branch

## Development

Requires Node v20 or higher
- install dependencies: `npm install`

The UI is written in [Svelte 5](https://svelte.dev/docs/svelte/overview) 

There are 2 ways you can develop:

### 1. Using the Mock queup.net

- run `npm run dev` and open the localhost:port that is printed in the command line by Vite.
- start developing

This is a limited mockup of Queup.net so not all queup apis won't work. This environment is useful for quick development of UI related things.

### 2. Loading the unpacked extension in Chrome 

- run `npm run build:watch`
- open [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/)
- if you have the Dub+ extension installed from the Chrome WebStore, make sure to disable it
- Turn on the "developer mode" switch in the top right
- Click on "Load unpacked" button in the top left
- select the root folder of this repo
- Open a new tab and log in to https://queup.net and join a room
- start developing

Your process will go like this:
- make changes
- save (which auto runs the building of the files)
- refresh the extension in chrome://extensions (click on the refresh icon next to the switch)
- refresh the page
- test your changes


### npm scripts

`npm run dev` - starts the Vite development server which loads the mock QueUp page and our extension, watches for file changes (css and js) and reloads

`npm run build` - creates production builds of the JS and CSS files

`npm run build:watch` - Starts file watcher that will rebuild dubplus.js and dubplus.css on save

`npm run ext` - shortcut that runs `npm run build` then `npm run zip`

`npm run zip` - creates the zip file of the extension

`npm run start:firefox` - starts an instance of firefox with our extension loaded so you can test it in Firefox

`npm test` - runs playwright tests (still in early development)

`npm run test:ui` - opens playwright's UI to help with test development

TODO:
- figure out a way to develop using `web-ext` in Firefox so we can remove the mock QueUp

Commit message:

updated readme with firefox development instructions

README.md, after:

# DubPlus
Dub+ - A Dubtrack.fm and QueUp.net script/extension for added features and customizations

## How to build the extension
- First make sure you have installed [Node](https://nodejs.org/) version 20 or higher
  - if you're using [`nvm`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm), you can just run `nvm use` inside the root of the repo
- Run `npm install` to install dependencies
- Run `npm run ext` to build and zip the extension. 

The extension will load into any browser that supports Chrome's extenions API and manifest v3 (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Opera, Vivaldi, etc.). Please note that we've only tested the extension on Chrome and Firefox and we only make it available on their respective extension stores. See https://dub.plus for more details

## Contributing

- Fork us    
- Create separate branch(es) to develop in
- Create a Pull Request targeting DubPlus's `develop` branch
- We will verify and test the changes before we merge it into our main branch

## Development

Requires Node v20 or higher
- install dependencies: `npm install`

The UI is written in [Svelte 5](https://svelte.dev/docs/svelte/overview) 

There are 3 ways you can develop:

### 1. Using the Mock queup.net

- run `npm run dev` and open the localhost:port that is printed in the command line by Vite.
- start developing

This is a limited mockup of Queup.net so not all queup apis won't work. This environment is useful for quick development of UI related things.

### 2. Loading the unpacked extension in Chrome 

- run `npm run build:watch`
- open [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/)
- if you have the Dub+ extension installed from the Chrome WebStore, make sure to disable it
- Turn on the "developer mode" switch in the top right
- Click on "Load unpacked" button in the top left
- select the root folder of this repo
- Open a new tab and log in to https://queup.net and join a room
- start developing

Your process will go like this:
- make changes
- save (which auto runs the building of the files)
- refresh the extension in chrome://extensions (click on the refresh icon next to the switch)
- refresh the page
- test your changes

### 3. Loading the extension in Firefox

- in one command line window or tab, run `npm run build:watch`
- in another command line, run `npm run start:firefox`. 

This will launch firefox and load the extension. It will also watch for changes and reload the extension automatically.

Your process will go like this:
- make changes
- save (which auto runs the building of the files)
- refresh the page
- test your changes

### npm scripts

`npm run dev` - starts the Vite development server which loads the mock QueUp page and our extension, watches for file changes (css and js) and reloads

`npm run build` - creates production builds of the JS and CSS files

`npm run build:watch` - Starts file watcher that will rebuild dubplus.js and dubplus.css on save

`npm run ext` - shortcut that runs `npm run build` then `npm run zip`

`npm run zip` - creates the zip file of the extension

`npm run start:firefox` - starts an instance of firefox with our extension loaded so you can test it in Firefox

`npm test` - runs playwright tests (still in early development)

`npm run test:ui` - opens playwright's UI to help with test development

TODO:
- figure out a way to develop using `web-ext` in Firefox so we can remove the mock QueUp
