src/js/README.md, before:

# TODO
- double-check or add data validation all inputs
- plan out CI possibilities
- create Dubplus object proxy/bridge/middle

# Javascript info Guidelines
:warning: *this doc is a work in progress* :warning:

We're using Preact, because of its smaller size to React, so that we can bundle it with the library

## Folder structure

`./components/` - place all re-usable components in here

`./menu/` - Place all menu items in here. `./menu/index.js` is the main entry point to the menu and each subfolder represents a section of the menu

`./utils/` - **I'll probably rename this.** Place all non-UI building logic and utilities here. 

## Write tests for non-ui building logic as much as you can

### Unit Testing
At least everything in the utils folder should be unit tested. 

## Creating new menu items

```javascript
import {MenuSwitch, MenuPencil, MenuSimple} from '<srcDir/js>/components/menuItems.js';
```

### `MenuSwitch`
The menu switch requires 5 props and it will pass through any other props as usual. It can also contain children.

`@prop menuTitle` - the text to show in the menu    
`@prop desc` - the description of what the menu item does (used in a `title` attribute)    
`@prop turnOn` - function to run when switch is turned on    
`@prop turnOff` - function to run when switch is turned off    
`@prop id` - html element ID pass through

### `MenuPencil`
This should always be a child of the MenuSwitch. It's handles loading a modal and saving data from the modal. The props for MenuPencil are basically a pass-through to the `<Modal />` component.

`@prop title` - Text to show in the headline of the Modal    
`@prop content` - Text to show in the description area of the Modal    
`@prop placeholder` - Sample text inside the TextArea of the Modal    
`@prop onConfirm` - function to run when user hits confirm

Commit message:

jsdelivr caches minified files way longer so cant use our own minified files for now. switching to non minified version for now

src/js/README.md, after:

# TODO
- plan out CI possibilities

## Beta test

```javascript
javascript:var i,d=document,s=d.createElement('script');s.src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/DubPlus/DubPlus@beta/dubplus.js?"+Date.now();d.body.appendChild(s);void(0);
```


# Javascript info Guidelines
:warning: *this doc is a work in progress* :warning:

We're using Preact, because of its smaller size to React, so that we can bundle it with the library

## Folder structure

`./components/` - place all re-usable components in here

`./menu/` - Place all menu items in here. `./menu/index.js` is the main entry point to the menu and each subfolder represents a section of the menu

`./utils/` - **I'll probably rename this.** Place all non-UI building logic and utilities here.

## Write tests for non-ui building logic as much as you can

### Unit Testing
At least everything in the utils folder should be unit tested.

## Creating new menu items

```javascript
import {MenuSwitch, MenuPencil, MenuSimple} from '<srcDir/js>/components/menuItems.js';
```

### `MenuSwitch`
The menu switch requires 5 props and it will pass through any other props as usual. It can also contain children.

`@prop menuTitle` - the text to show in the menu
`@prop desc` - the description of what the menu item does (used in a `title` attribute)
`@prop turnOn` - function to run when switch is turned on
`@prop turnOff` - function to run when switch is turned off
`@prop id` - html element ID pass through

### `MenuPencil`
This should always be a child of the MenuSwitch. It's handles loading a modal and saving data from the modal. The props for MenuPencil are basically a pass-through to the `<Modal />` component.

`@prop title` - Text to show in the headline of the Modal
`@prop content` - Text to show in the description area of the Modal
`@prop placeholder` - Sample text inside the TextArea of the Modal
`@prop onConfirm` - function to run when user hits confirm
